  The commands are the "meat" of your script. You specify a single command on
each line. These will be sent to the server when the script is run, after some
processing. The processing allows you to add "variables" inside the commands
which are replaced with the "variable" values before the command is sent.
Those variables are specified by a dollar sign ('$') followed by the variable
name. The processing then looks for this pattern and replaces its occurances
with the value of the variable.


Let's look at some examples to get an idea of how it works:

"tell Gorgonian Hello"
  This will simply send the above command to the server.

"tell $sender Hello"
  Assuming that this script is responding to Chat Events (which provide a
  "sender" variable) with the Personal Tell subtype enabled, and you received a
  tell from Kiebitz, the command sent to the server will be "tell Kiebitz Hello"

"tell $sender What do you mean by "$message"?"
  This is a funny script I used to test the scripter. Basically this replies to
  the sender asking him what he meant by his tell to you (or to a channel, or
  shout, or any other Chat Event subtype you chose). The variable "message"
  is replaced by the content of the sender's tell.

"tell $who $what"
  There are currently no "who" and "what" variables in any of the event types,
  so what good is this script? It is good for User Invoked scripts! When you run
  a User Invoked script, Jin will ask you to provide a list of variables and
  their values, which it will then use to "process" the script. This allows you
  to create "aliases" which you later run, although they are somewhat less
  comfortable to use than real aliases.

IMPORTANT: The examples in this help file are surrounded with quotes - you do
NOT need to surround your commands in quotes when you write them.

Note that if you use a variable that isn't defined, it will not be replaced and
will be sent as specified, in its "$variable" form.

For a list and documentation of the variables (such as sender, message etc.)
you can use when writing scripts for various event types/subtypes, visit
http://www.jinchess.com/docs/scripter/.